part of the year
so Javier Saviola and the ovations for
the return of the bunny
gonzález
except for the first five minutes of
party where he could connect some
societies
and then
river has been lacking in definition
Missed the last pass plus missed last
definition pass had few options
I believe a lot and defined a very bad
slow
a very lateral ball experience
now yes and if we listened to him gallardo
and that possession without risk ended with the
golazo
in muslin
and a detail that has been known that
was a love and is kicking free kick
in the trainings but it is
training then good we will see and not
it's a coincidence that it happened to him
he left there but eight minutes
after that prayer you do mori
It appeared in the early patio but
in florencio ratings for
scatters the bad closing of solari that does not
It is a natural side and usually fails
equal the error
but there is an option expander margin
this move
it is not chance the kid who
scatter that he sent us the 47 by san
lorenzo that comes to save is good
in the hand to hand is that
fast elusive is rogue and also
this one defined impeccably very well pin
totally reverse set with 7
seven incumbents were missing because in the
head on Tuesday freedom
it's a subject that we keep concluding
with javier de bart and since 2014
the debts of the gallant management is no
get a bank that will generate points
extra
every time river jumped on the court with
the bank
and river went to the court with the bank
to all actions
I agree with nacho going back to the point
in that
the substitutes have not given them points
and coming we go well
with that
saviola lucho gonzález things on white
what a feeling you're after the tie to
marcelo
good when you do not play well the feeling
it's not good but good in the first
time we did some good things and
later we could not keep them and in the
second time we lacked football was
they closed well done and we did not have much
clarity complicates a lot when it closes
both the rival have to find the
back on our court we have to
open the spaces we have to find the
spaces
sensations first of all after the
returned after so many years to
monumental
excited to provide a court that
he also gave me a lot so the sad
for not having won, learn this parity
that is in the Argentine game that a
big as river ends a match
tied as a local with temperley now
is offered because I think football
Argentinian has long since been changed
a lot from all the parties are they are
difficult and any equipment nowadays
waiting and making a good proposal you
can complicate a tie that is protected
with a very important triumph I think that
the work of the team
gave its fruit although the predominance was
it was from above and I think it was a couple in
Regarding situations that had another
one and the other team
We wanted to take something but for the
our pride to know that the most
humble you can sometimes with others
millionaires during the week
this is not going to go to the monumental to get you
photos now that they came session a
tie go happy you cheer up
get a self and I know how but I do not know
how you intend to lose the medium
is where the band
and I really like the beginning of what
do and the truth that to the people of
football allowed I am I am scatter and I
I send my temperley shorts a
very big greeting was not possible in the
party had many goal situations
We could not convert and well it's temporary
and also played his party to submit
everything behind left us space and
counterattacking on the free kick
I had decided to strike from humanism
we always explain yes yes practical many
free throw and one was very close to the
bow and that's why it's because in your
career
they were then not to change it with anything